The original published version of R News volume 8(1) is available as
Rnews_2008-1-1.pdf.

The version with corrections (1, 2, and 3) is available as
Rnews_2008-1-2.pdf.


The latest version, including all corrections, is always available as
Rnews_2008-1.pdf.

1.  The editorial (page 1, column 1) wrongly states that the upcoming useR!
    conference in Dortmund, Germany, will be in July. The conference will be
    held in August.
    
    Thanks to Doug Bates (first, among others) for reporting the error.

2.  In the article "segmented: An R Package to Fit Regression Models with
    Broken-Line Relationships," the bibliography entry for K. Ulm (1991)
    (page 25, column 2) is incorrectly stated to appear in volume 21 of
    Statitics in Medicine. The correct volume is 10.
    
    Thanks to Alexis Dinno for pointing out the error.


3.  The following misleading statement appeared in the "Help Desk" column
    (page 48, column 2):
    
    "A subtle point is that the advice to initialize objects applies to
    ``atomic'' objects, not to lists, where initialization is not advantageous."
    
    This passage now reads as follows:
    
    "It is always advisable to initialize objects to the right length, if
    possible. The relative advantage of doing so, however, depends on how much
    computational time is spent in each loop iteration."
    
    The example immediately following is modified slightly to illustrate the
    point more clearly, by increasing the number of iterations to 10000.
    
    In addition, the following text (page 49, column 1) has been removed:
    
    "Notice that we do not initialize matrices because, as we mentioned,
    there is no advantage to initializing a list."
    
    The subsequent example reflects this change. (As pointed out by Hank
    Stevens, the second line in this example,
      for (i in seq_along(matrices))
    was previously in error, but now is correct.)
    
    This point about initializing lists was clarified in an R-help posting by
    Brian Ripley.
    
In addition, small typographical errors were corrected.
    



